way to turn to listen how you welcome to
the first window of my new Christmas
calendar we will be airing 24 episodes
on my website all through December and
you can watch them live every day on
YouTube and my website and some of them
like this one will be in English but the
other ones will also be in Swedish and
for you don't understand Swedish there
will be subtitles in English for you and
this first episode is about my new
Christmas single it's called snowy white
river and it's the fourth Christmas
single I've been doing for the last 4
years now so part of it will also go to
charity and I will play it here tonight
for you live with my cellist Christian
hologram and I hope you enjoy it very
much
wait till you hear sleigh bells chimes
wait till you read the children's rhymes
wait to see the Angels drown in the
snowy
used to tie stand in the corner
way to turn to gain
in return wait till you see the angels
drown in the snowy white river
chances are we get it wrong we never
believed in anything or anyone you never
find that special one
Alive's keep going on and on till we end
up where we are alone and up where we
are
in snowy white river in the snowy one
driver reaches drive
wait till the day is almost done
love your body next to the one that will
hold you until the morning comes
if the morning comes if the morning
comes in the snowy white river in the
Snowy River in the snowy white river
ranges draw away the slavers choice
you